feat: add request body docs (#19)
tuono-labs/tuono-documentation: src/routes/documentation/server-utilities/request.mdx

```

The same syntax applies also for catch-all dynamic path (i.e. `[...userId]`).

## Methods

### `body`

> The `body` method allows you to safely get and read the body of a request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `body` method provides a safe way to get and read the body content of an HTTP request.
```

> Here's an example of using `body` to get data from a `POST` request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Here's an example of using the `body` method to retrieve data from a `POST` request.
```

> ```rust

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```rs
```

#[derive(Deserialize)]
struct MyBody {
   pub field: u8
}

#[tuono_lib::api(POST)]
async fn my_post_request(req: Request) -> impl IntoResponse {
    let body: MyBody = req.body().unwrap();
}

> ```

Reviewer 2: I'd add the following note:

`Note that specifying the type is required since the method needs to know what is the body serialization`

Reviewer: How about: "Keep in mind that specifying the type is essential, as the method needs to determine the body serialization"?
